Chainguard Repository for Java (#3316)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/libraries/java/overview.md

toc: true
---

> Chainguard Libraries for Java provides enhanced security for the Java ecosystem by rebuilding popular Maven dependencies with the latest patches and comprehensive supply chain protection. This service addresses critical vulnerabilities in the vast Java/JVM ecosystem that spans hundreds of projects from organizations like the Apache Software Foundation, Eclipse Foundation, and numerous independent maintainers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chainguard Libraries for Java provides enhanced security for the Java ecosystem by rebuilding dependencies from Maven Central and other common Java repositories with the latest patches and comprehensive supply chain protection. This service addresses critical vulnerabilities in the vast Java/JVM ecosystem that spans hundreds of projects from organizations like the Apache Software Foundation, Eclipse Foundation, and numerous independent maintainers. 
```

> ## Introduction

Reviewer 2: Unrelated to your changes, but historically we don't give the first section of a doc a heading, and my read on the Google style guide is that it recommends against it. I'd cut this heading but your call for now

* `commons-compress-1.28.0.jar`
* `commons-compress-1.28.0.slsa-attestation.json`
* `commons-compress-1.28.0.spdx.json`

## Upstream fallback policy and controls

Chainguard Libraries for Java supports an optional built-in fallback to
the upstream Maven Central repository, managed through the [Chainguard
Repository](/chainguard/chainguard-repository/overview/). By default, the endpoint serves
only Chainguard-built packages. When the upstream fallback is enabled, upstream packages are

> subject to additional security controls before being served, including source code and maintainer behavior scanning. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subject to additional security controls before being served, including source code and maintainer behavior scanning, and a configurable cooldown policy. 
```
